Excuse me. Larry?
We had such a good time this morning.
Always enjoy working with you in service.
Same here. And I hope Ms. Johnson comes to the meeting this Sunday.
That would be so nice.
Hey, did you ever find your sunglasses?
No. I looked all over. I have no idea where they could be.
Hey, Denise.
Hey, Susan.
Good to see you.
You left these at my house last night.
Wow. Can you believe it?
What?
Susan had another gathering at her home last night.
And I wasn't invited again.
I just don't get it.
I really had to be yours.
Thanks again.
I'm always living my stuff behind.
And Helen, how are you doing?
I'm fine.
Sorry. I got it.
Helen?
What just happened?
I have no idea.
Got a second?
What do you want, Susan?
Helen.
I feel like I must have done something or hurt you.
And I want to apologize if I have.
Is there something wrong?
I guess you had some more of the friends over last night?
Well, yes, a few.
Do you mind telling me why I'm never invited?
Helen, I'm sorry. I never thought...
Never thought what?
That I would have noticed how many times you've done this to me.
Well, I've noticed yesterday makes the third time in the last couple of months
that you've had people to your home without me.
Not to mention the four other times earlier this year.
I'm so sorry, Helen.
I didn't mean to cite you in any way.
And I promise it was nothing personal.
Nothing personal.
How can you invite everybody in the congregation
over to your home for a good time?
Accept to me and say that it's nothing personal.
Good evening, brothers and sisters.
We invite you to please find your seats.
Our meeting is about to begin.
We had such a good time this morning.
Always enjoy working with you in service.
Same here.
And I hope Ms. Johnson comes to the meeting this Sunday.
That would be so nice.
Hey, did you ever find your sunglasses?
No, I looked all over.
I have no idea what it could be.
Hey, Susan.
Good to see you.
You left things at my house last night.
Can you believe it?
I should have known.
Thank you so much, Susan.
Where were they?
Wow.
Susan had another gathering at her home.
I wonder why I wasn't invited again.
Wait, that's not important.
She's so hospitable.
I'm going to pray that Jehovah continues
to bless her for it.
And maybe there's something I can do.
And Helen, how are you doing?
Fine. How are you, Susan?
Great.
Hey, would you end you two now, Alice?
Would you like to work together in service this Saturday?
And then come to my house for lunch?
That sounds so nice.
Would I like to?
I would love to.
Thank you, Helen.
What can I bring?
Both of you, just bring yourselves.
I'll have everything ready.
Oh, it sounds good.